add cleanup commands and automatically delete temp files (#141)
cybex-gmbh/laravel-protector: README.md

| MariaDB    | `mariadb` | `mariadb-dump` | `mariadb`   |
| PostgreSQL | `pgsql`   | `pg_dump`      | `psql`      |

MySQL is no longer officially supported, but the Protector still has capabilities to work with Laravel's `mysql` driver. If this should break in the future, feel free to submit a
PR.

> [!NOTE]
> - Source and destination databases are not validated. Make sure you run compatible software versions to prevent issues.
> - Because of different dump formats, dumps will not able to be imported into a different database engine, e.g. a MariaDB dump will fail to be imported into PostgreSQL, and vice
    versa.

## Setup

There are two setup scenarios, depending on your use case.

- if you only want to operate locally, the General section is sufficient
- if you want to import or download the database of a remote server, follow the additional setup

### General

Install the package via composer.

```bash
composer require cybex/laravel-protector
```

> Almost all config options can be set via environment variables. Take a look at the [ProtectorEnv](src/Enums/ProtectorEnv.php) class for all available options.

Reviewer: consider
* mentioning that the Protector will work out of the box
* moving some of the configuration details to a later stage of the document

Reviewer: or idk, what do you think of putting usage before setup?

Author: I added a line about the protector working out of the box.

I would rather not put usage before setup, as I think it does not flow as well.

Reviewer: ok

for this you want to use the `--force` option to bypass user interaction.

For example, to import the latest dump without interaction and migrate afterwards:

```bash
php artisan protector:import --latest --migrate --force
```

For more information on the available options:

```bash
php artisan protector:import --help
```

### Importing or downloading remote databases

To import a remote dump either run the command interactively or use the `--remote` option:

```bash
php artisan protector:import --remote
```

When used with other options, remote will serve as fallback behaviour.

> [!NOTE]
> Importing remote dumps will not leave any files on storage disk.

If you need to store the remote dump on the storage disk:

```bash
php artisan protector:download
```

To store and import in one step:

```bash
php artisan protector:download --import
```

To store the dump on a different disk with a specific file name:

```bash
php artisan protector:download --file='custom_filename.sql' --disk='custom_disk'
```

If you want to delete all files on the Protector storage disk except the newly stored dump, use the `--flush-storage` option.

> Flushing will only delete files with existing `.meta` files, and will not delete files in directories.

Author: ```suggestion
Flushing will only delete files with existing `.meta` files, and will not delete files in subdirectories of the storage disk.
```

Author: Done.

>       '{gitRepo: $repo, gitBranch: $branch, gitRevision: $revision, buildDate: $buildDate}' > protector_metadata.json
> ```

### Flushing Protector disks

#### protector_local

Normally there should be no remnants of temporary files.
In case of unexpected errors, such as when the PHP process is killed, temporary files might remain on the disk.

The Protector will automatically delete these files on every operation involving the local disk.
Due to this running synchronously, performance might be impacted.

> [!NOTE]
> Only files older than 1 day will be deleted, to prevent deleting files that are currently being processed.

To run this asynchronously instead, you can set

```env
PROTECTOR_FLUSH_MODE=schedule
```

> This will schedule the deletion based on a cron expression defined with `PROTECTOR_FLUSH_CRON`, which defaults to `0 0 * * *` (every day at midnight).

Author: ```suggestion
PROTECTOR_FLUSH_LOCAL_MODE=schedule
```

This will schedule the deletion based on a cron expression defined with `PROTECTOR_FLUSH_LOCAL_CRON`, which defaults to `0 0 * * *` (every day at midnight).
```
